We are just about done with creating our castle.
There's just one last thing we have to do before it's finished and that's give it some cast shadows
and this will just help differentiate between the different pieces to our castle.
So the first thing we're going to do is we're going to merge our two little house type structures.
So go ahead and merge those then we're going to select their shape and add a new layer then using the
brush tool with a hard edge and this dark blue.
We're going to create a line that looks something like this and we'll add another line across here and
we'll do the same on the other side
.
Now what we'll do is we're going to bring the opacity down on that layer
just like so.
We also want to select our layer and we're going to come up to filter and blur than box blur and that
will allow us to blur our shadows.
But like I said make sure that you have your shape for your house is selected.
Otherwise it's going to blur outside of your house selection.
Now let's do this one more time.
But for these two towers.
So we're going to find those two towers are going to merge their layers are going to select their shapes
.
Add a new layer
paint on our casts shadows that look something like that
then we'll put on a box blur filter
at 10 then we'll turn down their opacity.
Awesome.
Looks good.
Now let's go ahead and place this castle in our background so what we'll want to do is we're going to
want to merge all of these layers now before we do that.
Let's go ahead and save our piece
and this is just so that we have all our layers in a file somewhere.
I'm calling this the 0 6 4 version 0 6 because this is my sixth version of the castle.
Then we're going to go ahead and merge all of our layers all the way down to the skyline.
Make sure you don't merge them with our drawing or our reused ones.
Now we're going to copy them make sure we're on the rectangular select tool.
We're going to copy them and paste it into our background.
Now we want to drag the sky all the way down beneath our tree layers.
Then we want to turn our drawing back on so we can see where Castle is supposed to be placed.
And now we'll just place them after resize them
.
That looks just about right.
We might nudge them down just a little bit.
Awesome.
Let's turn off our drawing and you'll see we have some empty space under here so we're just going to
go ahead and hurry up and fill that in that will select that color and we're just going to simply brush
it in
.
Same on the side ropes.
Selected this color.
And let's quickly read position our trees because they're not really in the best place.
So we'll come to our tree layers
and we're just going to move them.
Well actually leave that guy because there's not really a good place to move into but we will move our
other tree moved him to about there.
Awesome.